I want to use git to manage my home and school programming projects. This will be a tool that can make many 
 of the things I do often much simpler, as well as be a valuable tool to use.

In this lesion the importance of diff was shown.

It is a powerful tool that can be used to find differences in two files.
 When looking for an error that occurs in a new version one can just perform a diff to look solely at the lines of code that are different to each version.

Having easy access to all versions of a file could make me a more efficient programmer 
 because in having these I can look back at whenever a change was made, so if part of 
 the code breaks and there are no errors in the immediate changes I can go back and look
 for changes in other versions that might be the cause of the issue.

Pros of choosing when to do the commit manually are that they can be meaningful
 and well documented changes. This makes it easier when you need to look at previous versions.

Cons of not having automated commits are that commits are subject to human error

I think the main users and what they will be using the version control for have a large impact
 on how the VCS handles commits, either single file or multi-file. For code based situations 
 many of the files will interact together making multi-file saving beneficial.

Git log and git diff can be used to view the history of a file as follows. First one can use git log
 to display the different commits that have occurred. Then they can use a git diff to find the small 
 nuances in the changes that were made. 

With version control the consequences of making changes to the code are minimal. If a change you make
 ends up breaking the code one can simple revert to older versions of the code. Also it makes debugging 
 pieces much easier so if the code you write breaks something later you can still have a copy of the code
 that had been altered.

I want to use git to manage my home and school programming projects. This will be a tool that can make many 
 of the things I do often much simpler, as well as be a valuable tool to use.
 
